Improve documentation (#9)
gutentag2012/form-signals: docs/guide/what-are-signals.md

In short, Signals are reactive values that can be used to trigger UI updates or calculate computed data based on
changes.

Several frontend libraries use Signals as their state management solution, including [Svelte V5](https://svelte.dev/blog/runes), [SolidJS](https://www.solidjs.com/tutorial/introduction_signals), [Angular](https://angular.io/guide/signals), [Qwik](https://qwik.dev/docs/components/state/), [Preact](https://preactjs.com/guide/v10/signals/)
(and possibly many more).

> Signals are not just a concept for; they can also be used in vanilla JavaScript code to create reactive values.

Reviewer: It feels like there is something missing in this scentence, probably you wanted to write something like this
```suggestion
Signals are not just a concept of UI libraries; they can also be used in vanilla JavaScript code to create reactive values.
```

Author: You're right. The sentence should have been:

"Signals are not just a concept used for UI libraries; they can also be used in vanilla JavaScript code to create reactive values."

I'll fix that
